c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\Order.exe.config
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\Order.exe
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\Order.pdb
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.exe
c:\users\pgrus\desktop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.pdb
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\dje-NE\Order.resources.dll
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Form1.resources
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Form1.dje-NE.resources
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.exe.licenses
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\dje-NE\Order.resources.dll
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Customer.frmCustomer.resources
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Customer.frmAddCutomer.resources
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Product.frmProduct.resources
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Product.frmAddProduct.resources
C:\Users\pgrus\Desktop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Order\Order\obj\Debug\Order.Account.frmAccount.resources
